Let's go ahead and get some real data and get some images and make it a little better.
Let's go ahead and do this.
Well, first of all, we are going to represent each movie as an object as things are right now, if
you go to home screen.
What are we doing here?
We just passing this list of of strings.
We're going to change that.
So let's go back to our package.
I'm going to right click create a new package.
Model inside here.
I'm going to create a new data class.
So I'm going to create a codling in class and we need a data class, right, that you just will because
this will just represent data.
So when I call this movie section.
So a movie will have an ID.
He's going to be a string and then we'll have a title,
which is also going to be a string.
Yea, that was released the screen and genre, which is also going to be a strange
director starring actors screen and the plot of the movie also streaming, so I'm just creating a few
properties here and poster, which is going to be a strain as well, and vile images.
It's going to be a list of string costume.
Those will be your owls.
And let's just front lines of with the rating.
Also a string section.
All right, now all of this data, we're going to be getting pieces of it actually from a film that
Jason filed that I found online.
Okay, so you will have access to this so you can take a look and see, right?
But really, the way things are going to be set up, you won't really need this.
But I will include in a way that way, you just have an idea.
So what this is is a JSON file, which is a format used, used to represent data as object.
OK, so we have an array or list containing objects that look like this.
So each one of these is going to be a movie.
So as an object or in this case, a class will have a title, a movie, one movie, a movie has a title
here.
Read it In so many other.
This is what I am modelling from our movie class.
They're OK with a few changes, of course.
So this is what we're doing.
So I'm going to extract all of this data and put in a list, right manually.
And then we're going to be able to use this as our data source for this app.
OK.
So that's what we're doing now because we are not getting this information, this data movie data from
anywhere else but locally.
And it's just dummy data per say, I'm going to create a function here called get movies, OK because
we're just getting something in this.
In this case here, this will return a list of movie objects like this movie there?
OK.
There it is.
And I must say return, I'm going to return a list of and I'm going to pass all the elements here.
So here I'm going to go ahead and create a movie, a few movies, actually.
So I'm going to say something like this movie and I'll have to pass it.
Has the title and so forth.
Now I already have created all of this.
And so you should have you will have access to these objects, movie objects so that you know, that
way you won't have to watch me type hour of editing.
Now you can see, you can see now get movies will be returning movie objects.
So each movie has an ID title year, Akshara director and so forth.
And of course, Images lists the list of URLs containing images of the movie and so forth.
So this is all going to be using to populate our user interface.
All right.
Now that we have that, let's go to our home and instead of passing a list of strings, what I'm going
to do.
Let's change this to say list of movies.
Like a movie like this, we're going to have a problem, so we're going to have to get rid of all of
this.
So I'm just going to go ahead and delete this list.
And he I'm just going to say get movies as such.
All right.
Now we're going to have another problem here because the movie row is expecting a string, right?
So let's go to movie row.
And here I'm going to just say this will be a movie object like that, and I'm going to have an issue
here.
And because on click what we want to do is want to be able to get the ad.
Someone say that I'd hate to invoke that ad. We're going to need that to then get the information.
All right.
So this text here, of course, a movie now is just an object actually is an object like just an object.
Let's just say for this text I'm going to say won the title that I want to show here.
So I'm invoking the properties of our object very well.
Now the other thing you will notice is that the movie row is inside of main activity.
This is not good.
So what are we going to do, actually?
Usually, what we want to do is to create another package.
In this package, we can call widgets.
So this is where we add all the pieces of information in this case, all the pieces of the UI, all
of the composable, smaller, composable.
OK.
So then I'm going to just cut all of this.
In fact, before I do that.
Let me create a new file.
It's going to be just a file and call this.
Widgets.
Like this because we can put more than one widget, OK, and then we're going to get all of this going
to just select all people in there.
Right now, remain will most likely.
And there you have it.
OK, so now we have the widget, there is then being used anywhere.
Well, it's being used here.
So let's go ahead to and import our movie row.
And let's see a movie that's good.
Looks like we haven't had a problem, yes, we need to get rid of this import.
That's old one old news.
OK, so now what are we going to do?
Let's go ahead and run and see what's going to happen.
We should be able to get the correct information actually from our from our data database per se right
to get movies.
Now, if I click here, I'm going to go and get now the ID, because that's what we said.
We were going to be passing the ID.
So each movie, if we go back to our movie, we added this unique ID.
This is important, as you will see later.
Next, we're going to revamp each one of these rows to look a little bit better than this.